README.md, before:

[![Contributors][contributors-shield]][contributors-url]
[![Forks][forks-shield]][forks-url]
[![Stargazers][stars-shield]][stars-url]
[![Issues][issues-shield]][issues-url]
[![project_license][license-shield]][license-url]

<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/NathanielSlw/ldapviewer">
    <img src="screenshots/logo.png" alt="Logo" width="120" height="120">
  </a>
  
<h3 align="center">LDAP Viewer</h3>

  <p align="center">
    <strong>ldapviewer</strong> is a Python script to visualize <strong>all</strong> LDAP data from <strong>ldapdomaindump</strong> .json files in a modern, interactive web interface.  
    Unlike the default .html files generated by ldapdomaindump, <strong>ldapviewer</strong> displays <strong>every</strong> LDAP attribute, ensuring you <strong>never miss critical information</strong>.
    <br />
    <br />
    <a href="#screenshots">View Screenshots</a>
    &middot;
    <a href="https://github.com/NathanielSlw/ldapviewer/issues/new?labels=bug&template=bug-report---.md">Report Bug</a>
    &middot;
    <a href="https://github.com/NathanielSlw/ldapviewer/issues/new?labels=enhancement&template=feature-request---.md">Request Feature</a>
  </p>
</div>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
<details>
  <summary>Table of Contents</summary>
  <ol>
    <li><a href="#why">Why</a></li>
    <li><a href="#usage">Usage</a></li>
    <li><a href="#features">Features</a></li>
    <li><a href="#filters">All Filters</a></li>
    <li><a href="#roadmap">Roadmap</a></li>
    <li><a href="#screenshots">Screenshots</a></li>
  </ol>
</details>

## Why?

I created this tool because:

1. **ldapdomaindump** and **Bloodhound** often miss some LDAP attributes in their output. For example, during several pentests, I missed sensitive data such as passwords stored in unexpected fields rather than the more common description field, because these tools didn’t display them.
2. I wanted to avoid running additional `ldapsearch` queries for information I already had, and not struggle with LDAP query syntax.
3. I needed an easy way to filter and search LDAP data for fields that are useful during penetration testing.

## Usage

```sh
python ldapviewer.py <ldapdomaindump.json>
```

### Example

To visualize a domain users dump:
```sh
python ldapviewer.py domain_users.json
```
Then open the generated HTML file (`ldapviewer_domain_users.html`) in your browser.

---

You can also launch ldapviewer with multiple JSON files at once:
```sh
python ldapviewer.py *.json
```

## Features

**ldapviewer** lets you quickly and interactively explore the full content of an LDAP JSON dump:

#### Core Views
- **Detail view**: See all attributes for each LDAP entry, nothing is hidden.
- **Table view**: All entries and all attributes as columns, for easy comparison.
- **Statistics page**: View comprehensive statistics and distribution charts for your LDAP data.

#### Core features
- **Instant search**: Filter entries as you type.
- **Filtering**
  - **UAC filtering**: Filter users by UserAccountControl flags with one click.
  - **LDAP Attribute-based filtering**: Filter entries by LDAP attributes (e.g., has SPN, msDS-AllowedToDelegateTo, has Description)
  - **General filtering**: Default/non-default, recently created, inactive, never logged in
- **CSV export**: Export the current table view to CSV.
- **Object tagging**: Right-click on any object to mark it as owned or high value target.

#### Interface
- **Modern responsive interface**: All HTML/CSS/JS is embedded and works offline.
- **Dark mode**: Switch between light and dark themes with automatic system preference detection.

## Filters

#### UAC Filters
- Account Enabled
- Account Disabled
- No Kerberos PreAuth (ASREProastable)
- Unconstrained Delegation (KUD)
- Constrained Delegation (KCD w/ protocol transition)
- Cannot be delegated

Password Related:
- Password Not Required
- Password Never Expires
- User Cannot Change Password
- Password Expired

Authentication Related:
- Smartcard Required
- Account Locked Out
- Reversible Encryption
- Use DES Key Only

#### LDAP Filters
- Has SPN (Kerberoastable - requires SPN and enabled account)
- AdminCount=1
- Constrained Delegation (KCD w/o protocol transition)
- RBCD Delegation (Resource-Based Constrained Delegation)
- Has Description
- Unsupported OS

#### General Filters
- Non-default objects only
- Default objects only
- Recently Created (last 30 days)
- Inactive Accounts (last logon > 90 days)
- Never Logged In (logon count = 0)
- Owned Objects
- Non-Owned Objects

## Roadmap

See the [project roadmap](https://github.com/users/NathanielSlw/projects/2) for a full list of planned features, improvements, and known issues.

## Screenshots

### Main View
![Main View](screenshots/main_view.png)

![Collapse LDAP Entry](screenshots/collapse_ldap_entry.png)

### Table View
![Table View](screenshots/table_view.png)

### Filters

![UAC Filters](screenshots/uac_filters.png)

![LDAP Filters](screenshots/ldap_filters.png)

### Dark Mode

![Dark mode main view](screenshots/main_view_dark.png)


[contributors-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/NathanielSlw/ldapviewer.svg?style=for-the-badge
[contributors-url]: https://github.com/NathanielSlw/ldapviewer/graphs/contributors
[forks-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/forks/NathanielSlw/ldapviewer.svg?style=for-the-badge
[forks-url]: https://github.com/NathanielSlw/ldapviewer/network/members
[stars-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/NathanielSlw/ldapviewer.svg?style=for-the-badge
[stars-url]: https://github.com/NathanielSlw/ldapviewer/stargazers
[issues-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/issues/NathanielSlw/ldapviewer.svg?style=for-the-badge
[issues-url]: https://github.com/NathanielSlw/ldapviewer/issues
[license-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/NathanielSlw/ldapviewer.svg?style=for-the-badge
[license-url]: https://github.com/NathanielSlw/ldapviewer/blob/main/LICENSE

Commit message:

LDAP Viewer v3.0 - Add Example + Screenshots

README.md, after:

[![Contributors][contributors-shield]][contributors-url]
[![Forks][forks-shield]][forks-url]
[![Stargazers][stars-shield]][stars-url]
[![Issues][issues-shield]][issues-url]
[![project_license][license-shield]][license-url]

<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/NathanielSlw/ldapviewer">
    <img src="screenshots/logo.png" alt="Logo" width="120" height="120">
  </a>
  
<h3 align="center">LDAP Viewer</h3>

  <p align="center">
    <strong>ldapviewer</strong> is a Python script to visualize <strong>all</strong> LDAP data from <strong>ldapdomaindump</strong> .json files in a modern, interactive web interface.  
    Unlike the default .html files generated by ldapdomaindump, <strong>ldapviewer</strong> displays <strong>every</strong> LDAP attribute, ensuring you <strong>never miss critical information</strong>.
    <br />
    <br />
    <a href="#screenshots">View Screenshots</a>
    &middot;
    <a href="https://github.com/NathanielSlw/ldapviewer/issues/new?labels=bug&template=bug-report---.md">Report Bug</a>
    &middot;
    <a href="https://github.com/NathanielSlw/ldapviewer/issues/new?labels=enhancement&template=feature-request---.md">Request Feature</a>
  </p>
</div>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
<details>
  <summary>Table of Contents</summary>
  <ol>
    <li><a href="#why">Why</a></li>
    <li><a href="#usage">Usage</a></li>
    <li><a href="#features">Features</a></li>
    <li><a href="#filters">All Filters</a></li>
    <li><a href="#roadmap">Roadmap</a></li>
    <li><a href="#screenshots">Screenshots</a></li>
  </ol>
</details>

## Why?

I created this tool because:

1. **ldapdomaindump** and **Bloodhound** often miss some LDAP attributes in their output. For example, during several pentests, I missed sensitive data such as passwords stored in unexpected fields rather than the more common description field, because these tools didn’t display them.
2. I wanted to avoid running additional `ldapsearch` queries for information I already had, and not struggle with LDAP query syntax.
3. I needed an easy way to filter and search LDAP data for fields that are useful during penetration testing.

## Demo

Want to see ldapviewer in action before using it? Download the example file and open it in your browser:

👉 **[Download ldapviewer_example.html](ldapviewer_example.html)**

## Usage

```sh
python ldapviewer.py <ldapdomaindump.json>
```

### Example

To visualize a domain users dump:
```sh
python ldapviewer.py domain_users.json
```
Then open the generated HTML file (`ldapviewer_domain_users.html`) in your browser.

---

You can also launch ldapviewer with multiple JSON files at once:
```sh
python ldapviewer.py *.json
```

## Features

**ldapviewer** lets you quickly and interactively explore the full content of an LDAP JSON dump:

#### Core Views
- **Detail view**: See all attributes for each LDAP entry, nothing is hidden.
- **Table view**: All entries and all attributes as columns, for easy comparison.
- **Statistics page**: View comprehensive statistics and distribution charts for your LDAP data.

#### Core features
- **Instant search**: Filter entries as you type.
- **Filtering**
  - **UAC filtering**: Filter users by UserAccountControl flags with one click.
  - **LDAP Attribute-based filtering**: Filter entries by LDAP attributes (e.g., has SPN, msDS-AllowedToDelegateTo, has Description)
  - **General filtering**: Default/non-default objects, recently created, inactive, never logged in
- **CSV export**: Export the current table view to CSV.
- **Object tagging**: Right-click on any object to mark it as owned or high value target.

#### Interface
- **Modern responsive interface**: All HTML/CSS/JS is embedded and works offline.
- **Dark mode**: Switch between light and dark themes with automatic system preference detection.

## Filters

#### UAC Filters
- Account Enabled
- Account Disabled
- No Kerberos PreAuth (ASREProastable)
- Unconstrained Delegation (KUD)
- Constrained Delegation (KCD w/ protocol transition)
- Cannot be delegated

Password Related:
- Password Not Required
- Password Never Expires
- User Cannot Change Password
- Password Expired

Authentication Related:
- Smartcard Required
- Account Locked Out
- Reversible Encryption
- Use DES Key Only

#### LDAP Filters
- Has SPN (Kerberoastable - requires SPN and enabled account)
- AdminCount=1
- Constrained Delegation (KCD w/o protocol transition)
- RBCD Delegation (Resource-Based Constrained Delegation)
- Has Description
- Unsupported OS

#### General Filters
- Non-default objects only
- Default objects only
- Recently Created (last 30 days)
- Inactive Accounts (last logon > 90 days)
- Never Logged In (logon count = 0)
- Owned Objects
- Non-Owned Objects

## Roadmap

See the [project roadmap](https://github.com/users/NathanielSlw/projects/2) for a full list of planned features, improvements, and known issues.

## Screenshots

### Main View
![Main View](screenshots/main_view.png)

![Collapse LDAP Entry](screenshots/collapse_ldap_entry.png)

### Table View
![Table View](screenshots/table_view.png)

### Statistics

![Statistics General](screenshots/statistics1.png)

![Statistics UAC](screenshots/statistics2.png)

![Statistics LDAP](screenshots/statistics3.png)

### Filters

![UAC Filters](screenshots/uac_filters.png)

![LDAP Filters](screenshots/ldap_filters.png)

### Dark Mode

![Dark mode main view](screenshots/main_view_dark.png)


[contributors-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/NathanielSlw/ldapviewer.svg?style=for-the-badge
[contributors-url]: https://github.com/NathanielSlw/ldapviewer/graphs/contributors
[forks-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/forks/NathanielSlw/ldapviewer.svg?style=for-the-badge
[forks-url]: https://github.com/NathanielSlw/ldapviewer/network/members
[stars-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/NathanielSlw/ldapviewer.svg?style=for-the-badge
[stars-url]: https://github.com/NathanielSlw/ldapviewer/stargazers
[issues-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/issues/NathanielSlw/ldapviewer.svg?style=for-the-badge
[issues-url]: https://github.com/NathanielSlw/ldapviewer/issues
[license-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/NathanielSlw/ldapviewer.svg?style=for-the-badge
[license-url]: https://github.com/NathanielSlw/ldapviewer/blob/main/LICENSE
